Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here.
Before we start, WARNING!
Spoilers Ahead!
Today, I’m going to recap a 2021 Korean
Survival Drama series, called Squid Game.
This series tells the story of poor people
who play childhood games to win prize money,
with their lives at stake.
In the games, some rules are set to treat
the players fairly.
The entire series will be divided into three
parts that you can find in this channel.
So, what are the games?
What is the purpose behind the game’s creation?
Let’s find it out.
At the start of the series, we are introduced
to our main protagonist, Seong.
He is a jobless widower who lives in his Mother’s
house.
His Wife has married a wealthier man, and
has taken custody of their only Daughter.
He tries to make a fortune out of his Mother’s
money that he stole, in a horse race gambling.
Luckily, he wins the gamble and makes quite
a fortune out of it.
However, after exiting the building, he is
chased by debt collectors.
While running away, he bumps into a girl.
After an effortful attempt, he is still cornered
by the collectors.
He tries to pay a portion of his debt with
the fortune he just made.
But when he checks his pocket, the money’s
gone.
Turns out, the girl that he bumped into is
a Thief.
The collectors force Seong to sign a contract
to pay his debts with his organs next month,
if he still doesn’t have the money.
He is frustrated that on his Daughter’s
birthday, he cannot treat her to delicious
food and a memorable gift.
He sees himself as a failure both in fathering
and in being a part of the society.
When in despair, a mysterious man visits him
and asks him to play a game.
If Seong wins, he will be rewarded 100 thousand
Korean won.
If he loses, the man will slap him in the
face.
After a lot of rounds and a lot of slaps,
Seong finally can bring a lot of money home.
Before separating, the man gives Seong a mysterious
contact card and invites him to join more
similar games where he can win a much bigger
prize.
Seong calls the phone number and is invited
into the game.
He is picked up by a masked driver, at the
agreed time and place.
During the transport, the participants are
drugged to keep the game’s secrecy.
When Seong wakes up, he finds himself laying
on a bed with other 455 participants in the
room, and all of his belongings gone.
The game is coordinated by the Front Man who
manages his many masked men subordinates.
In the game, Seong meets with other participants.
Few of them are Cho, Seong’s childhood friend,
an ailing Old Man, an illegal citizen named
Ali, the Thief who stole Seong’s money,
a Mafia boss, and a talkative Woman.
Realizing that the Thief is among the participants,
Seong is enraged and tries to confront her.
But his attempt is thwarted by the Mafia who
have another problem with the Thief.
Suddenly, the masked men come in to start
the first game.
One of them explains that there will be 6
games and 3 general rules.
The rules are participants cannot quit during
mid-game, participants who try to quit mid-game
will be eliminated, and the game will be stopped
with the consent of the majority of players.
After agreeing to the terms, the players are
led to another room to start the first game.
The first game is called Red Light Green Light.
In this game, the players have to reach the
finish line within a specific duration.
They can move however they like when the robot
says Green Light, but have to stop when the
robot says Red Light.
If they are found out moving during the Red
Light, they will be eliminated.
Even though the rules are simple, they are
surprised to know that elimination means to
be shot to death.
A lot of rifles come out of the wall to shoot
the players who move during Red Light.
The Old Man is the first to realize the rules
and continues the game during the shock.
With the Old Man’s lead, the other players
follow.
Cho reminds Seong of the time limit and advises
him to hide behind someone’s back.
Many of the players have reached the finish
line within the time limit.
Seong tries to catch up but slips and almost
fails.
Fortunately, he is saved by Ali and can finish
the game together.
The rest of the players who have run out of
time are also eliminated.
201 players survive the first game and beg
to leave due to their fright.
Before voting to leave the game, the masked
men show them the prize pool.
100 million won will be added per 1 elimination.
If they decide to quit the game, the surviving
players will receive no reward.
With the current prize pool of 25.5 billion
won in mind, the players cast their vote and
agree to quit the game with 1 point difference.
After the vote, the players are sent back
to their residence.
In the morning, Seong reports the homicidal
game to the police.
However, the police don’t trust him due
to lack of evidence.
After a while, a Policeman comes to report
another case and sees Seong’s contact card.
The Policeman realizes that the contact card
is the same as his brother’s who has been
missing.
Dedicated to looking for his brother, the
Policeman tracks Seong down.
Meanwhile, when Seong comes home, he cannot
find his Mother.
Turns out, his Mother is in the hospital due
to her diabetes.
Doctor recommends she stay and be monitored.
His Mother rejects the offer and tries to
leave the hospital since they have no money
to pay for the treatment.
Desperate with the condition, Seong decides
to join the game once more.
The other players are also reminded by their
debtful hellish life and agree to play again.
This time, the players know about the procedures
and are more prepared for the next challenges.
The Policeman secretly follows Seong to the
game arena to find his brother.
He disguises himself as masked man number
29.
Out of the 201 surviving players, 187 came
back to win the prize.
In the night, Thief tries to peek at the second
game with the help of Woman.
She finds out that the masked men are cooking
sugar.
In the morning, they are led to the second
game’s arena.
Cho asks Thief about what she has found last
night, but they are still clueless about the
next game.
After entering the arena, they are faced with
4 doors with their respective shapes.
Seong, Cho, Ali, and Old Man form a team and
agree to take each of the four shapes.
With Thief’s information and the four shapes
in front of him, Cho is reminded of his childhood
game where he had to cut out the shapes out
of a candy plate.
He takes the easiest shape which is the triangle
without telling his teammates.
Meanwhile, Ali gets the circle, Old Man gets
the star, and Seong gets the hardest shape,
the umbrella.
Clueless about the game, Thief follows Cho
to take the triangle shape.
Then, the game begins.
The players start to scrape their candy using
needles within the time limit.
If the shape is broken during the attempt,
they will be shot by the masked men.
Woman heats her needle by using a contraband
lighter to liquify the sugar easily.
After completing the game, Woman gives her
lighter to the Mafia in hope of making a pact
with him.
Some of the players have succeeded due to
their easier shapes.
At the last few minutes, Seong gets the idea
to lick the back of the candy to cut out his
umbrella shape.
Inspired by the action, other players follow
him and make it through the game.
When the time’s up, some of the players
don’t succeed in cutting their shape and
are killed by the masked men.
At the end of the game, One of the losing
players holds a masked man hostage and asks
him to remove his mask.
However, the Front Man kills both of them
because of the game’s agreement.
It is agreed that players mustn't know the
masked men's identity to keep the game’s
secrecy.
Subscribe to watch the second part of this
series.
Turn on your notifications, and leave a like
and comment to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching, and see you, in the
second part.